Quality check of the Pro kits content (#1640)
arduino/docs-content: content/tutorials/generic/pro-edge-ai-ml-vision-speech-kit/pro-edge-ai-ml-vision-speech-kit.md

      </video>
    </div>

6. Check the [Portenta Vision Shield docs](https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/portenta-vision-shield) to retrieve the product resources. Carefully read the [datasheet](https://docs.arduino.cc/resources/datasheets/ASX00021-ASX00026-datasheet.pdf), [Set it up](https://docs.arduino.cc/tutorials/portenta-vision-shield/getting-started-camera) and check how to [use it with Arduino IDE](https://docs.arduino.cc/tutorials/portenta-vision-shield/ethernet-with-ide). On [docs.arduino.cc](http://docs.arduino.cc) the [Pinout](https://docs.arduino.cc/resources/pinouts/ASX00021-ASX00026-full-pinout.pdf) and the [Schematics](https://docs.arduino.cc/resources/schematics/ASX00026-schematics.pdf) are also available.

7. Check the [Nicla Vision docs](https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/nicla-vision) to retrieve the product resources. Carefully read the [datasheet](https://docs.arduino.cc/resources/datasheets/ABX00051-datasheet.pdf). On [docs.arduino.cc](http://docs.arduino.cc) the [Pinout](https://docs.arduino.cc/resources/pinouts/ABX00051-full-pinout.pdf) and [Schematics](https://docs.arduino.cc/resources/schematics/ABX00051-schematics.pdf) are also available.

> 8. Start practicing the first examples included in the User Manual, the IDE examples and the experiences proposed in the following section.

Author: ```suggestion
8. Start practicing the first examples included in the products user manuals, the IDE examples and the experiences proposed in the following section.
```

Author: Through a conversation with Francesca, we should keep this as open as possible - not specifying which user manuals, only the products mentioned on the page @jcarolinares
